h1. jquery-loremipsum;

jquery-loremipsum is a port of the django loremipsum utility for quickly filling out your application 
templates with content so you can tweak layout etc.  it is a jquery-jspath plugin so it uses the underscore
instead of the dollar sign.

h3. how about a useful example before i loose interest

ok how about this one

<pre><code>
$('h1, h2, h3').each(_.titled(2));
$('p').each(_.paragraph());
/*
<h2>Vel Deleniti</h2>
<h2>Consectetur Quasi</h2>
<p>
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod 
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim 
veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea 
commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate 
velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat 
cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim 
id est laborum.
</p>
<h3>Impedit Ipsum</h3>
<p>
Asperiores ab earum eius laborum voluptatem consequatur, illum, minima. 
Illo sequi sapiente voluptate quibusdam ducimus cupiditate aliquam atque 
atque. Enim officiis accusantium accusamus, laboriosam ullam excepturi 
ullam officia tempora, fuga delectus veritatis eum. Impedit, repudiandae 
praesentium, molestiae, dolore, veritatis rem enim voluptates, quidem 
eum pariatur deleniti voluptatum.
</p>
</code></pre>

nice!  

h2. ready for more?
checkout the example.html!

also check out these 
jquery-jspath plugins:

* http://github.com/thatcher/jquery-jspath
* http://github.com/thatcher/jquery-json
* http://github.com/thatcher/jquery-loremipsum
* http://github.com/thatcher/jquery-objtree
* http://github.com/thatcher/jquery-xslt

qlso please check out the spec for each plugin (test/test.html).  special thanks to aaron quint for the 
jqunit-spec plugin that all of these plugins use!




